DOC-1948: 6.4.1 release notes post-release follow-up (#2666)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.4.1-release-notes.adoc

=== An element could be dropped onto the descendants of an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute
//#TINY-9364

> In versions of {productname} since version 6.0, elements were allowed to be dropped onto descendants of `contenteditable="false"` elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {productname} 6.0 and later, elements could be dropped onto descendants of an element with a `contenteditable=false` attribute.
```
Suggested edit for consistency (‘X.y and later’ is our standard form of words) and correctness (`contenteditable` is an attribute an element can take, not a descriptor of what an element is).

> In {productname} 6.4.1, changes were made to prevent any descendant of a `contenteditable="false"` element from being a valid drop target. Now, elements are unable to be dropped onto any descendant of a `contenteditable="false"` element across all browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {productname} 6.4.1, changes were made to prevent descendants of an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute from being a valid drop target. As of this release, elements cannot be dropped onto such descendant elements across all supported browsers.
```
Suggested edit for correctness again (cf above re `contenteditable`). Also this edit is slightly shorter and adds _supported_ as a browser descriptor for specificity’s sake.

=== Table commands were modifying tables in a noneditable root element
//#TINY-9459

> In previous versions of {productname}, tables within a `contenteditable="false"` root element could unexpectedly be modified using commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous {productname} versions, tables within a root element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute could be unexpectedly modified using commands.
```
Again with the correctness.

> {productname} 6.4.1 now blocks all table commands when the selection is in a table in a `contenteditable="false"` root, thereby preventing unwanted modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} 6.4.1 now blocks all table commands when the selection is in a table which is, itself, within an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set, preventing unwanted modifications.
```
Correctness, again.

=== Editor increases the height indefinitely when using autoresize with content_css document
//#TINY-8872

> The `document` skin’s CSS aligns the bottom of the content area to the bottom of the editor, but does not set anything for `autoresize_bottom_margin`. As a consequence the {productname} editor takes the default value for this attribute: 50. Simultaneously, every time the `resize` function calculated the editor size it added this `autoresize_bottom_margin` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The document skin’s CSS aligns the bottom of the content area to the bottom of the editor, but does not set anything for `autoresize_bottom_margin`. As a consequence the {productname} editor takes the default value for this attribute: 50. Simultaneously, every time the `resize` function calculated the editor size it added this `autoresize_bottom_margin` value.
```
_document_ is not an option or variable or other developer- or integrator-focussed term, so it shouldn’t be set in `monospace`.

Since, the aligning CSS sets the bottom of the content area to a value incrementally less than the `autoresize_bottom_margin` value, the `resize` function went into a loop.

Consequently, and as per the example below, if a {productname} instance was setup with the xref:autoresize.adoc[Autoresize] plugin active and `content_css` set to `document`, the editor increased its height indefinitely.

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'autoresize',
  content_css: 'document',
});
----

> {productname} 6.4.1 fixed this issue by addressing the conflict between the `document` skin's CSS and the `autoresize_bottom_margin` setting. With this update, TinyMCE now checks for the resize function going into a loop. And, if it does so, the function treats the margin bottom as always 0 instead of the `autoresize_bottom_margin` value. This changes the min-height of the editor and prevents the infinite resizing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} 6.4.1 fixed this issue by addressing the conflict between the document skin’s CSS and the `autoresize_bottom_margin` setting. With this update, TinyMCE now checks for the resize function going into a loop. And, if it does so, the function treats the margin bottom as always 0 instead of the `autoresize_bottom_margin` value. This changes the min-height of the editor and prevents the infinite resizing.
```
s/`document`/document/ (CF above). Also corrected a tear-drop apostrophe to a typesetter’s apostrophe.
